drop shipping drop shipping drop
shipping this is probably the reason why
you all watching are interested in my
videos but what if i told you there's an
alternative way to successfully sell on
shopify without drop shipping well guess
what that's exactly what i'll be doing
in this video i'm not saying drop
shipping is necessarily a bad business
model but if you guys want to build a
long-term brand that generates revenue
on a consistent basis this new method
that i'm about to show you is going to
be your best bet and not only that many
of the big brands you hear about today
follow if not the same method something
very similar so let's hop into it
[Applause]
so what exactly will we be doing to
build and maintain this business without
the drop shipping method now rather than
having your suppliers located all the
way in china package and ship your
products individually you will be
ordering your products in bulk and have
them sent to the us or wherever the
majority of your customer base lies then
to each and every customer some of the
benefits of ordering in bulk are that
you're going to get competitive pricing
meaning you get lower unit costs if
you're buying these big quantities since
you're working with your manufacturer
you can ask them for product
modifications if the quality isn't up to
par and you can also ask them for custom
packaging and given you'll have the
product in the general area where
customers are based you're gonna have
faster shipping times resulting in less
customer complaints and chargebacks and
this seems all great but if you don't do
this properly you can lose a lot of
money the same way i did so flashback
three years ago when i was tired of
these customer complaints about long
shipping time and white box i decided to
legitimize my business by ordering big
quantities and getting custom packaging
getting all those units sent over to my
house so where i would package and ship
those units individually so things were
going all great until i got a season
assist which basically meant i could not
sell that product anymore or else i'd
get a lawsuit so i was left with 25 000
worth of inventory that i couldn't even
sell if i wanted to so it's advised not
to jump into something so soon until you
are 100 sure you have a winning product
that you can legally sell now you have
two options for product fulfillment you
can order your products in bulk to be
sent over to a 3pl a third-party
fulfillment center where they will go in
and package and ship every single unit
directly to your customer now this is
completely hands off and fully automated
the next option is ordering your
products in bulk to your home where
you're gonna go in and pack and ship
each unit to your customers each option
works it just depends on whether or not
you can allocate time to that
fulfillment process so now what we're
going to do is hop into the computer and
show you exactly how to find a reliable
manufacturer
with the winning product that you
already have all right lovely first step
in finding your own manufacturer that
you will be working with long term is
the following so step one let's say we
have this product as the example we want
to sell this push-up board it's proven
to have done well for us we're ready to
take our brand to the next level and
really legitimize our business let's say
that we have been purchasing from this
aliexpress supplier for the past couple
months and we've been using
this guy to buy each unit per unit 22.97
and then the shipping is right here so
this is the aliexpress listing that we
have been using to dropship right using
the dropship model first things first we
want to head over to alibaba.com so once
we're at alibaba.com this is where we
are going to be finding manufacturers
now the difference between alibaba and
aliexpress is aliexpress is where they
service drop shippers alibaba is where
we'd be ordering in bulk there's going
to be moq's minimum order quantities
so
you're generally going to find your
manufacturers on alibaba and your
dropshippers or your
suppliers on aliexpress so most of the
time these suppliers these mini
warehouses on aliexpress these guys buy
and bolt from alibaba and they do the
service for all these drop shippers so
what we're going to do is we're going to
type in push-up board right here now
what we're doing here is looking for a
reliable listing we're looking at the
amount of years in service now once we
have searched the product name what we
are looking at is a reliable listing so
we're seeing six years in service we're
looking at two years in service we are
looking for the exact product that we
have been selling so once we are at a
listing we can check here that there's
three years in service less than three
hour response time 96.8 percent delivery
it looks like they do have samples
available right here there's an mlq
minimum order of 50 units
at two dollars a piece four dollars is
going to be
the
sample all right so once you're signed
in you're gonna have the ability to
contact these manufacturers by simply
hitting the chat now button and you're
gonna have a facebook like interface so
right here what i'm gonna do is give you
guys a complete template that you can go
in and send to all these manufacturers
all right so here's the generic message
that we will be sending over to each of
these manufacturers it's gonna start
with hello my name is blank i'm very
interested in selling your product and
working with you in the future i've
scaled countless products and i believe
that this one has the potential to do
the same some things i would like to get
information for and clarify are the
following we want them to know that we
are serious and that we have interest in
building a long-term relationship and
that we have the credibility that we've
done this before we're going to be
asking for the product unit cost the
minimum order quantity if it's not
listed here here clearly it's 50. so you
don't have to put it the shipping
freight cost per unit the shipping time
the air versus c so most of the time air
is going to cost a lot more than c but c
is going to take much longer can you
make custom packaging for each unit so
if they are a manufacturer most of the
time they can provide custom packaging
which we're going to definitely utilize
and do you have any samples available
this listing does have samples but
sometimes they don't have the samples
listed and then we're going to be asking
for their whatsapp i type it like that
because sometimes the algorithm will
indicate that you are typing whatsapp
and they don't want you to get off of
their service right and use some sort of
different payment method so we can put
it like that or if you're completely
fine with just using this messaging
system then you can continue to use that
i personally just like to have my guys
on whatsapp so i'm able to contact them
on a daily basis much easier you can
send this over to them
just like this once we got that in
that's supplier number one we're gonna
go in and look for another supplier
manufacturer rather we're gonna look at
all these guys right here let's go with
the top one do the same thing
chat now copy
paste all right so this exact message
copy is going to be in the comment
section so i will be sending that over
to you guys
to copy and paste and send to each of
these manufacturers and the idea here is
really just to send this as many
manufacturers so that we can have them
negotiate and compete with one another
obviously without telling them but we're
gonna try and get the best pricing with
the best most reliable manufacturer that
we can possibly find so once you get a
message back from all these
manufacturers and get an idea of what
their logistics are the cost is what
we're going to be doing is negotiating
so you're going to have maybe 5 10 of
these guys all in contact and we're
gonna try and get the best pricing the
fastest shipping time and uh the best
possible connection that we can make so
what we're going to be doing is heading
over to a website called
1688.com so that we can get an idea of
how much the general price is and how
low we can possibly go
so
as you can see it's in chinese so this
is really just the alibaba for suppliers
but we're trying to see what they're
giving the price to these chinese
suppliers so we can go in
and type in push-up board and we're
going to look for listings i found this
listing right here and we can see that
the price
right here is nine
chinese yuan so if we were to convert
nine chinese yuan to usd
let's see what that is that is 131 so
that's pretty much the lowest that we
can possibly go as you can see the
initial listing was two dollars right so
there's not much room to work with with
this product but sometimes there is
going to be
big fluctuations in the price right so
if the manufacturer is telling you that
it's 15 and you go on to
1688 and you do the conversion and it
might be only two dollars or three
dollars so you know how much you can
negotiate with these manufacturers so
this one isn't too dramatic but we're
gonna see that the lowest is about 131.
you can go in and check other listings
to see what the prices are from there so
that's really the idea of how to go
about negotiating with these various
manufacturers to find the best
manufacturer that's going to fit your
needs and within a week most of these
manufacturers will have already
contacted you so make sure to check your
inbox on alibaba i know it's not the
most convenient thing make sure to check
that but it's up to you to figure out
who's going to be the best fit for you
in the long run considering all these
logistics that you just went over having
a strong connection with your
manufacturer is vital so it's important
you choose wisely who you want to be
investing your time and money into so
here's a basic walkthrough on how to
source inspire shopify winning product
without the drop shipping model other
than that that's pretty much everything
i wanted to go through if you guys got
some value out of that walkthrough
please leave a like don't forget to
subscribe i will be posting more bangers
more ecommerce content for you guys i'll
see you next one peace
[Applause]
you